Alrighty, let's get after it.
What up boys? We are going to go over negotiations. So, step one.
Alright, you listening? Watch.
Don't be a bitch. Okay? This isn't that hard. Have some confidence and let's
get after it.
So, what we're going to do is go over how to go from your DMs. Now you do an
outreach, right?
Get responses from influencers. How do you take those influencer responses in
your outreach, taking the DMs, respond to the DMs, alright?
Rism up. Then take them to do some pre-call research, right? Get some
information, and then eventually give them a call and close them to start
posting content for you and raking in cash.
Alright, here's the deal. Never share upfront pricing. Alright, if you're
sharing upfront pricing, you're basically shooting yourself in the foot and
asking yourself not to close an influencer.
Alright, they're all going to say like, "What do you pay per post? What do you
do with this? How much are you willing to pay me?" Alright, they all have egos,
alright? Feed into them. But don't tell them the exact price.
What you want to do is tell them we pay retainers ranging from $500 all the way
up to thousands, $10,000 plus depending on the deal.
And now then they're mine. They're like, "Holy shit, bro! I can get paid $10,
000 for this. Oh my God. Now, are we going to do that? Fuck no." Alright?
Now, unless they're getting us like 6,000,000 views, we ain't doing that shit.
But the point here is to move the conversation to a call we can tailor the deal
.
Now, with your outreach messages, a lot of the time they're just going to send
you their number. You hop on a call with them, you want to send them a text,
etc.
But if they start ripping back to you, "Hey, what's the post? What can we do
here? How much are you going to pay me?"
Always hit them with a, "We'll pay you a couple hundred bucks up to a couple
thousand depending on the deal structure. We have many deals."
I would say, generally if you're starting off, just say like, "We're paying
influencers anywhere from $500 to $500,000 depending on the deal."
They don't have to know you haven't closed any influencers, but that's what you
're willing to pay. So, that's honest. Alright? You're good.
So, step two in this whole process is to get them on a call.
Send them your number to call you or get their number, send them a text right
away or call them right away or book a call with them via text message.
Right when you get their phone number, text them. If you wait time, you're
basically asking yourself not to close them.
Step two, you want to do some research. So, before this call, say you send them
a text, you plan for a call tomorrow at noon.
Alright? And you need to figure out, "Okay, what the fuck am I going to pitch?"
Right?
I don't know how much money I'm going to send them. I don't know what I'm going
to pitch, how many views per video, what the fuck is it you guarantee that I
hear Zach and Connor talking about, etc.
But, here's what you're going to look for. You want to make sure they're
posting daily. Alright? No scatter gaps.
You don't want any evidence to show you that they deleted underperforming posts
and therefore you can find, "Okay, if they're posting daily, they can post my
videos once a week without barbing their audience with sponsored content."
They want consistent views. And you want consistent views, right? If they're
pages performing, you care about their views over their followers.
As long as fuck about followers anymore, people care about attention. So,
consistent views. We're talking at least 100,000 views per video.
If you don't do that, then it's not really worth paying them. Like 500 bucks a
month, a lot of these guys won't do it unless they're just starting off.
And so, you really want to look for at least 100,000 views per video. You can
lower it based on what we're going to teach you in the pitch structure in this
module.
However, it might be hard for larger influencers that get more views to bite on
that. And then you want to make sure there's engagement.
So, we're going to go through two examples. One very good example and one
shitty example. A great example is Jeremiah.
Jeremiah kills it for us and Callai. As you can see, he gets roughly like 200,
000 views. 50,000, 120, 153, 358.
It's Callai video. Callai video got 362. This Twitter video got 473. So,
Jeremiah rips fucking views.
And the best part about it is he's posting daily, if not once or twice a day,
five days ago. Five days ago. Six days ago.
Six days ago. Seven days ago. He's posting multiple times per day. So,
therefore, he can post our content, pushing our product without pissing off his
audience.
Now, another thing is, dude, his comment sections are fucking crazy. He has
people commenting. He's literally having people react to him.
People are like, "Holy shit, this is funny. This is not funny," etc. You won't
controversy in the comments. People do the greed, disagree.
What you don't want is fucking fire emojis, right? So, if I'm going to show you
another example, let's go to Dave.
Not the shit on Dave here, but look at Dave. He's got great engagement, right?
However, he doesn't really grip views, dude. What am I going to pay this guy?
What up, B? You want to join this boy? We're shit on Dave's content, so you
only get 30,000 views for video.
Fuck this, dude. I know, dude, he's chopped. But, guys, look, he doesn't get
enough views for video.
Therefore, we can't pay him a grand or even two grand a month.
There's so many motherfuckers like this where it's like how many followers?
Yeah, but they have a lot of followers, especially guys that used to be
relevant.
Yo, if you're launching a product and you're thinking, like, who are the influ
encers that I should work with?
Oh, here are the guys that I saw in the past. And then you go hit them up. They
're going to tell you the $5,000 fucking dollars for a post.
And you're going to be like, man, influencer marketing doesn't work. It's like,
no, you're going after the wrong people.
Here's another example. You got this guy Dewey, right? We used to work with him
with Twitter.
But what we did is we made a mistake. His fucking content gets laughing emojis.
He doesn't have a community.
No one gives a fuck about him. Even though you laugh at him and it converted
some, but at the end of the day, we don't want to work with him anymore, so we
clipped him.
Dude, you want to see conversations occurring in the comment section and people
referencing a past shit that the creator has done.
One of the best examples of this is Santa Cruz. Santa Cruz has actually mad at
me right now. I think I mentioned this very much during one of my videos.
Because he thought I was talking shit because I was supporting Sam and whatnot
when he and Sam are beefing.
Drama. Yeah, a little bit of a pussy, but that's okay.
Remember guys. Don't be a pussy.
But if you look at Santa Cruz's content, more so on TikTok to be honest, maybe
his Instagram following isn't as tight as I thought.
But at the very least, it's all very real responses. It's all people leaving
actual comments. You're not just seeing emojis.
And I think the mobile version is better at filtering for top comments and what
not.
Now, once again, point here being you want creators that actually have people
that care about them for the content that they post rather than people that,
and for who they are as a person, rather than creators that only have people
that find the content funny and drop a laugh at emoji and then move on.
And this works because that creator actually has trust with their audience, and
so therefore when they push their product, they're more likely to convert by 10
minutes.
Alright, so now that we've got pre-call research, we see that they have posting
daily, they get consistent views per video, and they get engagement.
The next thing you have to do is figure out your pitch. So when you're looking
at their content, we want to offer four videos per month, so it's a video per
week, right?
This can probably be cross-post to TikTok and Instagram. Some creators get a
lot of views on Instagram, low views on TikTok or flip-flop.
And so what you do is you look at both of their accounts. You might find, okay,
Jeremiah can get me a quarter million views on Instagram and only 50,000 views
on TikTok.
Therefore, I'm like, alright, that's 300,000 views. That's 1.2 million views a
month.
So I can be like, okay, at a $2 CPM is what you really want the rage to be, the
low end $2 high end $3, maybe you can go a little lower than $2 at higher end
deals with like 5 to 10K a month.
However, generally speaking for you guys need, it's going to be a $2 CPM high
end $3 or else you're going to be eating into your margins, probably losing
money.
So if you look at Jeremiah, he has roughly a quarter million views. So I would
go to him, I'll offer you 2,500 bucks for 1.2 million views.
He'll be like, oh, this is sick. He'll probably bite on that because we can
offer Mertain and we're pitching a long-term deal here.
We're not pitching him, hey, I want to do one post or I want to do one month.
We're pitching him like, hey, we want to work with our creators six months, 12
months, 18 months, et cetera.
Now, contracts to go over the next section are going to be structured in a way
where you protect yourself and you clip to anything month one.
Number two, another way to protect yourself is you only pay a certain
percentage upfront. So usually pay up to 20 to 40% depending on the creator and
what they want upfront.
So therefore you're protecting yourself on the down side. So they only post
three videos. You get an ROI and that 20% paid upfront.
And if they don't post, they don't hit their view guarantee. You don't pay them
the rest of the videos. And that's very clearly outlined in the contract.
And so the next thing is now you've got this structure. You know many views
they're getting. You don't need to usually want from them per month.
You know, me videos they're posting. Okay. Now you're like, all right, I got to
approach this call. How the fuck am I going to close them?
I've never done a sales call. I'd have no, what's the fucking word?
Skill set in sales, we'll call it. But guys, this isn't very hard. All you have
to do is be charismatic and approachable.
Build rapport with them, build trust, like act like they're your boy. Just
literally fucking talk to them. People want to be treated like humans.
And so the intro of the call, I highly recommend getting to know the person,
talking to them. Don't just dive into the deal because I'm just going to feel
like you're there just to suck value out of them, which we are.
But you want to build a relationship. We've relationships all over creators.
Like we can text them. Like I text fucking Jeremiah right now or call him.
You respond. Now the second thing is concerned. Confirm that it's a fit, right?
Make sure that they're comfortable posting your content.
You've already looked at their content so you know it'll fit with your product.
So you kind of know this, but you're basically having them tell you it fits.
They're confirming for you. Like, hey, yeah, this works really well with my
audience. I love this. This doesn't feel salesy. Like piss pitching, like
fucking sales seats or some large company.
No one gives a shit about anymore. It's another more comfortable. Then you
present the offer. Like, look, hey Jeremiah, I want four videos a month. That's
one video a week.
The view guarantee is based off your consistent view. So this is something that
you can hit and achieve. And we're not trying to fuck you on this.
Now with the CPM baseline, I would highly recommend not saying we're basing
this off a CPM, which stands for cost per million cost per thousand views.
You just say, hey, I'm going to pay $2,000 per million views. That's simple.
You can say, I like that. I don't like that. He doesn't like that.
And you should be like, hey man, like, what do you want? Right? What are you
thinking? What makes this worth your time? Then he'll give you a number.
The biggest objection you'll get is the view guarantee, right? So it'll be like
, I don't want to do a view guarantee because I don't want to hit the views.
And you simply say, look, we based this off of your content. You post two times
a day, you get these views. So you're going to hit this.
And it's your job to get views are drive to convert those views, right? So we
can't make a, we can't cover our bottom line costs on anything unless we get
paid through conversions, which the influencer brings.
And so now they're more comfortable because they're like, Oh shit, like I'm
going to get them views and then I'm going to get paid for getting views.
Instead of just being a one off deal from fucking Dick sporting goods for 5k,
they get like once a year. Now, now this has been said, they're comfortable.
You close them basically. They're ready. They're like, I'm in Connor, right?
Let's go. Hands down.
What you want to do is then schedule follow up. So generally I schedule follow
up, review the contract. I follow up via text saying like, here's what we spoke
about just confirming.
I will send the contract. Please send me your email. And so generally this call
, like as long as you set expectations confirm their fit and they tell you they
're fit.
They understand that they're posting four videos a month, once a week. Maybe
you can pick a day that they post and you follow up. They understand their ret
ainer deal structure and their line of pricing. You're done. It's closed. Done
deal game over. All right.
If they're not ready, whether it's because to have a budget, you don't have the
money for them, et cetera. I would honestly just stay in touch with them.
Follow up with them every couple weeks.
Or have them think about it, schedule a call. If I came out ready, you need to
figure some things out. Like, all right, let's schedule call in two, three days
. Let's put on the calendar and we'll talk then.
What I said about the view guarantee, I usually pitch this. As I said, you say,
for a million views a month, we'll pay $2,000. I wouldn't say the $2 CPM. You
don't need to use lingo that could confuse them.
And then you just tell them, look, we're paying you for getting views and we're
going to convert those views for a long term partnership. It's very fruitful
for the both of us.
As I noted, their jobs get views. Your jobs convert. Those views can be very
polite when you say that. You're really just pitching. That's a mutual benefit.
When it comes to objections and responses, usually they say, like, hey, I
usually get paid five grand per post, like Blake was saying, right?
These guys have been in the industry for a while. You see a paid fucking so
much money for doing nothing because these fucking companies are retarded.
Now the game is you want views. So you're like, all right, look, I can pay you
five dollars per post. That's two grand, right?
But I need a million views. And I can only get you quarter million views. And
they're like, all right, that's worth like 500 bucks to 750 bucks.
I don't know. And then it's not a good fit. You move on. But you're doing so
much outreach. We're going to have tens of 20, 30, 40 creators responding every
single day as you send 100 DMs a day.
So generally just work backwards, work with them, be understanding. When it
comes to the view guarantee, I would just basically say, hey, your job is to
get views consistently.
Our job is to pay you. And this view guarantee is based off what you already
average your views wise. So it's achievable. We're not asking for you at
unrealistic ass and try to fuck you.
And if they don't have the view guarantee, you structure your contracts to
basically say that they're going to keep posting to hit it or you pro rate it.
So for example, if they get 800,000 views and they need a million, they can
just post again to hit that and then you pay them after they post that fifth
video or say they get half a million views and it's going to get a million.
You can be like, all right, I'll pay you a grand instead of two grand, right?
50% of the contract. So once they're ready to proceed, I recommend send the
contract same day, get them to look at it, follow up with them, make sure they
're comfortable, get that shit signed and on board them.
So actually, with onboarding, I usually set up a group chat with my team and
they handle that and we're in the communications, make sure they go smoothly.
Or when we're starting out, I would just text them, get the contract signed,
ready to go. And next is management them. So at the end of the day, like we
mentioned, if they're not ready, just be understanding, schedule a second call.
So I would just tell them, hey, we'd love to reach back out when our budget
grows to be super respectful. You don't want to burn any bridges in this
industry. We did that and it kind of fucked us. We had to repair relationships
because I was like, Oh, no screw you this and that you kind of get your
emotions.
You drop the fucking ego and play into their ego. Make it seem like they're
getting the better ended the deal here. So once you finish this, put them in
your CRM.
So you're setting up a Google sheet with influencer name, followers, links to
TikTok, etc. The deal structure, right? How many videos you're getting, what
you're paying them, the upfront payment, log when you pay your first payment,
your second payment.
So now you can track things and then eventually once you get over five influ
encers recommend using a tool like Groe, which will go over, which automatically
tracks views, pays out, they handle all the documentation so they can actually
write off these expenses for your business.
So just the fucking cap this off. Look, be charismatic and understand. You can
be confident without being a fucking dick. Don't be a fucking loser. Be soft.
Like, oh, and like it pushed around. Like, dude, understand this is a mutual
benefit. Like you are helping them as well. And so make sure they understand.
And then you pitch it as in like they get the better end of the half. Like,
look, you're getting views.
You can even set up bonus structures, which they may ask for. They may not. Don
't recommend doing that off the bat unless they actually ask. And I wouldn't
hard sell them because if you hard sell them, it becomes as pissing, you're
going to get a little bit more.
And then you're going to get a little bit more out of the way. And then you're
going to get a little bit more out of the way.
And then you're going to get a little bit more out of the way.